README.md, before:

# My Personal Project

## A Game Catalogue

**What will the application do?**

It allows the user to navigate on a digital catalogue for games.  Clicking on each game should give you basic details
about it, such as its: title, genre(s), developer(s), platforms, publishing year and gameplay status.
I hope for them to be able to move games between
different folders/pages, for example:
- All games
- Completed
- Currently playing
- Games on hold
- Plan to play
- Favourites

The intended users are gamers, or generally people who wish to organise their games online. 

This project is of interest to me because I like to keep track of what I've watched and read.  I also like playing many 
video games, but I haven't seen a page or platform that allows you to organise both console and PC games.

## User Stories

For my game catalogue:
- As a user, I want to be able to add game titles to the catalogue's list of games
- As a user, I want to be able to view the game titles in the catalogue
- As a user, I want to be able to select a game title and view the details of the game
- As a user, I want to be able to change the playing status of the game
- As a user, I want to be able to view game titles based on their playing status, genre
- As a user, I want to be able to add games to a favourites list, and view them

Commit message:

Edited description in README, edited some class methods and also worked on the console application.

README.md, after:

# A Game Catalogue

## Application Details

The intended application is for gamers, or people who generally wish to organise their games.  This project is of 
interest to me because I like to keep track of what I've watched and read, and I wanted to organise my games in a 
similar way.  I like playing many video games, but I haven't seen a page or platform that allows you to organise 
both console and PC games like other websites that organise your movies, TV shows or books.

The application I'm making should allow the user to navigate on a simple digital catalogue for games;  Each game holds
basic details about it, such as its: title, genre(s), developer(s), platforms, publishing year and the user's gameplay 
status on that game.  I hope for the user to be able to view games through different filters, such as:
- All games
- Completed
- Currently playing
- Games on hold
- Plan to play

## User Stories

For my game catalogue:
- As a user, I want to be able to add games to the catalogue's list of games
- As a user, I want to be able to view the game titles in the catalogue
- As a user, I want to be able to view game titles based on their playing status, and genre
- As a user, I want to be able to search for a game title and view the details of the game
- As a user, I want to be able to change the playing status of the game
